MAN [on tape]: While Betty
kept the fat man occupied,
I ducked down the hallway
to his office.
If I found his phone records,
they would prove
that he was the one
who called the police station
on the night of the murder.
All I knew was, the next person through that door
would be the man
who killed my partner.
"Hello, McKendrick,"
I heard from behind me.
I spun around,
but standing there was...
REESE [on tape]:
A stupid housewife
who wouldn't let her son
buy nunchuks
even though
they're totally safe.
Reese!
♪ Yes, no, maybe ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ Can you repeat the question? ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big ♪
♪ Life is unfair ♪
[sniffs]
[groans]
All right, Reese, you're busted.
Of all the stupid...
Come on, front and center.
Now, don't blame yourself.
Dewey, you were smoking?
Do you have any idea
what a dangerous, disgusting
addiction that is?
It took me years to quit!
Do you want to end up
breathing through a hole
in your neck?
Do you think that's cool?
You can breathe
through a hole
in your neck?
Whatta you think your mother's
gonna say about this?
You can't tell Mom!
She'll kill me!
Well, you should've thought
of that earlier.
Where would you even get
cigarettes anyway?
There's, like, 20 cartons
hidden in your shop vac.
Oh, my God. That is my stash
from ten years ago.
Lois would kill me if...
All right, Dewey,
under the circumstances,
I am giving you
your one free pass.
-Free pass?
-That's right.
I have given each
of your brothers
one free pass,
one time that I didn't
tell your mother about
something they did.
All right, Francis,
this is your one free pass!
Okay, Reese,
but this is your one!
Okay, Malcolm,
this is your one!
-Please make this
my one free pass.
-All right.
We've got some
paperwork to sign.
LOIS: Chair.
Book.
Window.
Mama.
Come on, Jamie,
you can talk--
just one word.
Hal, has Jamie
said anything in
front of you yet?
Whatever he said,
he's a liar, Lois!
He hasn't seen anything.
What are you talking about?
What are you
talking about?
I'm worried about Jamie.
He's... however old
he is, and he hasn't
said a word yet.
I thought that's what
we liked about him.
You know, it's probably
his filthy ears.
I bet he's all plugged up with
wax and he can't hear anything.
I don't think so.
Relax, honey.
Kids go at their own pace.
Heck, in sixth grade,
I had a full beard,
and I still couldn't
tie my shoes properly.
There you are.
Stevie, you ran off
without your backup inhaler.
Thanks... Dad.
Did Stevie tell you
his big news?
No. What's going on?
Stevie's been accepted
as a research subject
at the Norvet
Biomedical Institute.
Dr. Norvet himself
picked him for the
motor-neuropathy program.
It's... nothing.
Nothing? Come on, Stevie.
This is the most exciting
thing that's happened to us
since they put your
stomach on the inside.
Who knows?
This Christmas might just be
our first ski vacation.
-Dad...
-Tomorrow, after school
we'll go look
at snowboards.
Dad...
I said just look.
My desk!
Reese! What's your problem?
He's my problem.
I get to come home
to my own room
and put my own stuff
on my own desk.
There's such a thing
as manners, Stevie.
When you're a guest
in someone's house...
[shrieks]
Real classy, Reese.
-Go ahead, hit him.
-It's not fair!
He's hit me plenty of times.
He makes fun of me,
he treats me like crap,
and just because he's in that
chair, he gets away with it!
I blame... society.
-Sorry, Stevie.
-Good.
LOIS: Malcolm, get your dirty
socks off this table
or I'll feed them
to you for dinner!
Like I'd taste a difference.
I'm gonna do it anyway.
What?
I'm gonna beat you up anyway.
This Friday after school,
we're gonna go somewhere private
and I'm gonna beat you so bad
your wheelchair's gonna
need a wheelchair.
I want you to think
about that for a few days.
Picture it.
Dream about it,
like I'm doing.
Even if you tell
on me, I will find
some way to make this happen.
So you might as well
have some dignity
and keep your mouth shut.
Your ass might not know
I'm kicking it,
but I will.
Here you go.
All right, Jamie.
The doctor said there's no
physical reason you can't talk,
so that's exactly
what you are going to do.
Talk.
He said the best way
to get you started
is for me to talk
to you constantly
about everything
happening around you
so that you live
in a more verbal world.
That means Mommy's
going to narrate
everything she's doing--
like right now
when she's going over here
to make you a snack.
Then it'll be time to
do the laundry, and after that
she gets to make dinner
for the whole family,
who will wolf it down
in ten seconds
and leave her
to do the dishes by herself
before she gets to make
the boys' lunches for school
the next day.
Then she'll get ready for bed
after everybody else
and discover that the bathroom
is a swampy, hairy mess
and Mommy gets to spend
her last waking minutes with
a sponge and a can of cleanser.
Then it'll be time
to wake up in the morning
and she'll do it all over again.
Day after day, week after week,
for the next 30 years
until Mommy dies,
and then with Mommy's luck,
even that won't be
the end of it.
Dewey! Get out here right now.
You're smoking again
after we talked
about this last week?
You know what that does to you.
I'm cutting back.
Cutting back?
How many cigarettes
are you smoking?
Under two packs a day.
What?!
How is that even possible?
I got rid of the cartons
in the garage.
Well, you didn't get rid of the
ones hidden in the crawlspace.
Or the rain gutters,
or under the ivy.
There's thousands of cigarettes
hidden all over the place.
How could you spend all that
money and not even smoke them?
I could have gone
to private school.
Keep it down.
Look, Dewey, I'm sorry,
but I had such
a hard time quitting.
The only way I could do it
without freaking out
was knowing they were there.
I know it sounds crazy.
I'll tell you what's crazy.
Being hooked
on these stupid things
even though I hate
the way they taste and smell.
Well, those are really stale.
You're not getting
the fresh, rich flavor--
Never mind!
The point is, you can beat this.
We'll do it together.
Listen, you know how much
I love coffee, right?
Yeah, I've seen you
drink it in the shower.
Exactly.
I must drink
three pots a day, easy.
Well, I'm willing to give
it up for you, cold turkey,
if you give up smoking.
-Really?
-Absolutely.
That way we're both suffering.
We both know what
the other's going through
and we can support each other.
You and me, Dewey.
We'll be a team, huh?
That sounds great, Dad.
Just let me have
one more to get it
out of my system.
-We can start--
-Dewey.
Yeah, all right.
Come on, Stevie, pay attention.
You just had Hitler
invade Malibu.
Sorry.
What's up with you lately?
Hi, guys.
Hey, Reese, how'd it go
with the principal?
Fantastic.
I love when they get old
and they start
just phoning it in.
He's actually
willing to believe
this is from
obsessive hand washing.
[chuckles]
[whispering]:
Friday!
Reese took out
Scotty Riselli today.
It was brutal.
You should have seen it.
-[whimpers]
-He hit him so hard, a few times
he actually lifted him
up in the air.
And the blood was--
I mean, there's always blood,
but Scotty was like one of those
big sprinklers, you know?
Choo, choo, choo...
And once he went down,
Reese went to work on him.
Did you know
he had dental tools?
Hey, I get Africa.
Can I...
ask you something?
-Sure.
-Do you find...
my personality...
abrasive?
-What?
-Do you think...
I'm needlessly...
antagonistic?
I don't know.
Probably.
What do you care?
I don't...
want anyone...
to hate me.
It's Lisa Filmore, isn't it?
Who?
I saw you
checking her out.
You like the big
stuff, huh? Nice.
Little jiggly-wiggly, little
wabbal-abbal-abbal-abbal...
You're... a jerk.
I'm just being supportive!
I'm sorry!
Come on, let's just
finish the game.
Can't.
Today's our...
first meeting...
at the Norvet Institute.
Okay, wait.
There's something good
about your personality.
You completely
humor your dad
with all his idiotic
plans for you to walk,
no matter how pointless
and stupid it is to try.
You're never, like,
"Dad, wake up.
"I'm never getting out
of this wheelchair.
I'm going to be a cripple
till the day I die."
I mean, you know it, but you
don't throw it in his face.
That's a really nice quality.
There, better?
LOIS: And so I spend all
this time every morning
on my hair,
trying to get it just so,
although I know
no one else notices.
It's such a stupid vanity thing.
I don't know why I'm
so neurotic about my hair.
You know, it's just ridiculous,
if you think about it.
Wish I could
let it go,
but it's like I just
can't help myself.
[Hal sniffing, sighing]
Slow down.
You haven't had breakfast yet.
Well, if you got me the nicotine
gum like I asked, then--
[coughing]
[hacking]
You okay?
Oh, that?
That's nothing, Lois.
That's just...
puberty.
You know,
when a boy's lungs drop.
This is how it hits all
the men in my family.
Hacking cough, dark
circles under the eyes,
yellowing fingers...
So there I am, 13 years old,
flat-chested as I can be,
everyone around me is sprouting,
and I'm feeling just horrible
about myself.
And why?
No reason at all.
I'm getting straight A's,
I'm running the food drive,
I'm all-county
on the gymnastics team,
and none of this means
anything to me
because I'm so fixated
on my bust line.
And so, like an idiot,
I started stuffing my bra
with toilet paper.
Even after all these years,
I remember every morning
in the bathroom,
shoving these things
down my shirt
and feeling like such
an awkward, ugly, little girl.
Thank you.
Of course,
in second-period Spanish,
I had to sit next to the
snooty Janice Montgomery
with her tangerine nail polish,
which I was dying to try,
but of course
she wouldn't let me
-because I had drugstore shoes.
-[door opens]
Hey, Mom.
Look at these stains.
You boys are in so much trouble.
No more pillowcases for a month.
Okay.
Fixing something?
Dad.
Hi.
I'm so disappointed
in you, son.
We had an agreement.
[gurgling]
What was that?
What was what?
[gurgling]
All right,
we both have a problem.
This is so degrading.
On the way home from school,
I almost pulled a cigarette butt
out of the gutter.
I French-kissed
your mother this morning
just to lick the coffee
off her teeth.
But we can do this;
we just need
to find a way
to divert our minds
when the pangs get too bad.
[thwacking]
[thwack]
Hal, what are you doing?
What's it look like I'm doing?
Can't a father have a friendly
game of catch with his son?!
We're having fun!
[sighs]
I had that dream again
last night.
Cheerleading tryouts.
Like it wasn't bad enough
it happened,
I have to relive it
for the rest of my life.
I was so excited to think
that I might be a Cougar,
and finally feel like
I belonged.
The routine was nothing,
I'd done that stuff
in gymnastics for years.
And still, I practiced
that routine for weeks,
making sure that it was perfect.
On the day of the tryouts,
I borrowed my sister's
good sweater,
spent about an hour on my hair,
stuffed my bra--
I even shoved a little extra
in there for luck.
And when I got down to the gym,
I found out I had to go first,
in front of the whole squad
and everyone else
who was trying out.
So I just pretended
to be braver than I was.
I smiled real big,
and I went out there
and I started my routine.
I did a round-off,
a cartwheel, a kip-up,
it was going great,
I was so happy.
I landed my back-flip
dead solid perfect.
I threw up my arms,
and instead of
everybody cheering...
everybody was laughing.
And I looked down,
and there was a 30-foot-long
trail of toilet paper
along the tumbling mat.
Everything I worked for,
everything I wanted
so desperately...
ruined because of my vanity.
And you know what
the worst part is?
I didn't even learn anything.
Deep down, I'm still
just as shallow as I was then.
All that fussing and primping
and time I wasted
to shut out laughter
that stopped 30 years ago.
It's disgusting.
If I had any guts, I would just
cut off my hair right now.
You know, just face it down,
and beat it!
[telephone rings]
[ringing continues]
You gonna get that?
I can't.
-Hello?
-Malcolm...
It's Abe.
Where's your brother?
Reese? I don't know.
Probably pounding the snot
out of someone.
It's Stevie!
You've got to stop it!
What? What are you
talking about?
Stevie and I were
in the middle of our session
at the Norvet Institute,
and then he said he had to go
fight Reese, and just took off!
-I'm terrified that--
-Oh, no.
Reese, what are you doing?
Something I should've done
years ago.
I've been numbing my legs
in ice for an hour now.
-What?
-I can't feel a thing
down there.
See? Nothing.
The first three times I did
that, it hurt like hell.
Nobody's gonna say
this wasn't a fair fight.
When Stevie gets here,
I'm gonna flop over to him
like a fish,
yank him out of his chair,
and smash his face in,
gimp-to-gimp.
Reese, you're insane!
Am I?
They thought Einstein
was crazy...
until he started kicking ass.
[thud]
[gagging]
Hey. Where's Mom?
She's locked in her room
with Jamie.
She's been in there
for hours.
Oh. Listen, I'm sorry
I snapped at you.
I was just agitated,
but I'm feeling
better now.
Hey, I really think
we're over the hump.
We're still a team, okay?
Good boy.
What are you doing?!
What?
Oh, this.
It's nothing.
It's keeping me calm.
-But we're quitting!
-No, I'm quitting coffee.
-You're quitting cigarettes.
-That's cheating!
You do not get to do this.
Actually, Dewey, I get
to do whatever I want,
because I am a grown-up.
All right,
if that's how you want it.
Dewey!
What are you doing?
Don't you dare!
Ah...
The smooth, wonderful taste
of betrayal!
Oh, yeah?
Well, I'm in flavor
country, baby!
-Mmm!
-[coffee swishing]
This is good.
This is growth.
Just do it.
Don't be such a chicken.
It's the only way
to stop hearing it.
All those kids laughing,
my mother coming in
to the nurse's office
telling me to stop blubbering,
she wouldn't have
to stuff my bra
if I wasn't too lazy
to grow them myself.
Oh, my God.
It was my mother.
She was the one stuffing my bra.
Oh, my God.
She was the one making me feel
so horrible and inadequate.
Not me.
This wasn't about vanity, Jamie.
This is about
an abusive old bat
trying to make her kid
into something that she wasn't.
[sighs]
Well, I am not going to be
that kind of mother.
If you don't feel like
talking yet,
then you don't have to talk.
I'm gonna love you
exactly the way you are.
Shut up.
Mm. Rich, roasted
goodness!
Suddenly I'm at a French cafe.
HAL: Well, I'm with two girls
in a speedboat, sucking down
a smooth blend
of fine tobaccos.
Hal!
Dewey's drinking coffee!
I think crippling my legs
made my arms stronger.
Like how blind guys
have bigger noses.
This is gonna be great.
Reese, you can't do this.
Stevie's our friend.
Hey, he's not my friend.
He's your friend.
He treats me like crap.
He insults me
and disrespects me...
and you let him.
-What?
-You always take his side
and you always do
everything his way,
even though we're brothers.
Wait. Are you jealous?
No, I'm pissed.
You and Stevie
are gonna be friends
your whole life,
but once you go away to college
and you're not stuck with us,
we're never gonna see you again.
But even so,
you're spending the rest
of the time left
with Stevie instead of...
Do I have to tell you
I love you?
No.
Good.
Dude, like you said,
we're brothers.
It doesn't matter if
I don't want to be here,
I'm stuck here.
No matter where I go
or what I do,
we're always going
to be forced together.
Christmas, birthdays...
We're going to be forced
to be around each other
for the rest of our lives.
Really?
[whirring and clanking]
What was that?
I don't know.
[both gasping]
[whimpers]
♪ I got a funny
little feeling ♪
♪ My arms are shaking
like a lightning rod, yeah ♪
♪ I cannonball right
through the ceiling... ♪
You're... mine!
Good news, Stevie.
I forgive you.
Come on, Stevie!
I can't walk.
This isn't fair!
Don't reduce yourself
to my level!
You're better than this!
Ahh!
♪ I got a funny
little feeling ♪
[screams]
[Reese screaming]
Oh, God, I'm too late!
Stevie, please stop!
Think of the lawsuit!
You know these people will do
anything to get our money!
The Norvet Institute kicked
Stevie out of their program
for unauthorized use
of their equipment.
And Reese will be okay,
but he's not allowed out of bed
until he stops seeing
four of everything.
Mom's making Dad find every last
one of his old cigarettes.
She's gonna make him eat any
she finds tomorrow morning,
so he's pretty motivated.
The amazing thing is
I'm the only one
that got off scot-free.
Malcolm,
go change Reese's bedpan.
Hey, he's my brother.
Captioned by Post Haste Digital